# Project 2: The Perfect Pair

The Perfect Pair is a puzzle-solving game with a narrative experience added to it. It is a game programmed with Phaser 3. You control two players: Boxxy & Conny. To solve the puzzles, you'll have to utilize their teamwork. It is no easy task, but luckily, you have Conny by your side! The link to the project is here: [Project 2: The Perfect Pair](https://danielcacatian.github.io/CART-263/projects/project2/)

## Artist's statement

I enjoy playing different types of games: platformers, puzzles, narrative-driven, practically everything. I'm passionate about games, so it's only natural that I want to create video games of my own as well. I've already attempted creating platforming games, and now, I wanted to try a different genre. For this project, I sought to create a puzzle game with a narrative element because it's not very common in games. However, I didn't want them to be separate. I wanted the puzzle-solving to push the narrative experience. It may not have a narrative that triple-A studio games have, but I did my best to make it present, and hopefully, the players see this and become influenced by it for the ending. Of course, since it's a puzzle game, it is meant to use your brain to solve the puzzles. Of course, I made sure to explain the game mechanics before getting into the brain-busting levels. One puzzle will require you to think outside the box. As I said, the game made not be up to par with most games, but when it comes to projects like these, I like creating ideas that I can come back to in the future. If this project turned out better than I expected, I will surely revisit it and perfect it. I enjoy using these project assignments as opportunities for me in the future.
